About life 2
Today, August 10
omete participate in the anniversary of the Japanese-Native Next Shelter Shsection
of the Ryo хочет jump Highland Britishhof
Fall in was selected also
Lord GTA
The Imperial Navy has been attacking the allied fleet of the enemy Bay A, which appeared in the Solomon Islands since August 7.
The enemy fleet was given a large blow in the transport battle, and it is expected that the operation will continue.
As announced in the script yesterday,
the details of the operation are not yet announced, so I will not give you the details.
However, the details will be announced in the future.
I would like to express the meaning of this operation.
Recently, the Bay A continued to lose, and the military was the reason for the blow.
Politically and economically, the Bay A has become more and more radical, and it is necessary to overcome this situation.
At least, it is recognized that the Bay A was being pushed into a trap that had to be introduced to the people to break the order.
Therefore, the US military has been attacking the allied fleet of the enemy recently, which is not the reason for the attack.
As we know, the enemy can no longer stand up to the people's orders,
so we first expected the air force to attack the enemy.
However, this aircraft was completely blocked by the offensive force of the Japanese air force.
We tried to counterattack the island of Otori, but we were unable to do so.
However, the enemy continued to attack the air force.
In addition, Roosevelt had a very strong military force in the Pacific,
and he had a large force of troops in the Aleutian army.
He formed a fleet of the Bay A's remaining fleet, which consisted of battleships, cruisers, destroyers, and air forces.